## English
Last updated: May 31, 2022

This Privacy Policy describes Our policies and procedures on the collection, use and disclosure of Your information when You use the Service and tells You about Your privacy rights and how the law protects You.

We use Your Personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, You agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

### Interpretation and Definitions

#### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

#### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- Account means a unique account created for You to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- Affiliate means an entity that controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a party, where "control" means ownership of 50% or more of the shares, equity interest or other securities entitled to vote for election of directors or other managing authority.
- Application means the software program provided by the Company downloaded by You on any electronic device.
- Company (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to MetrixMedia.
- Cookies are small files that are placed on Your computer, mobile device or any other device by a website, containing the details of Your browsing history on that website among its many uses.
- Country refers to: France
- Device means any device that can access the Service such as a computer, a cellphone or a digital tablet.
- Personal Data is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- Service refers to the Application or the Website or both.
- Service Provider means any natural or legal person who processes the data on behalf of the Company. It refers to third-party companies or individuals employed by the Company to facilitate the Service, to provide the Service on behalf of the Company, to perform services related to the Service or to assist the Company in analyzing how the Service is used.
- Third-party Social Media Service refers to any website or any social network website through which a User can log in or create an account to use the Service.
- Usage Data refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- Website refers to MetrixMedia (all domains and its subdomains), accessible from [https://metrixmedia.fr](https://metrixmedia.fr)

You means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

### Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

#### Types of Data Collected

##### Personal Data
While using Our Service, We may ask You to provide Us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify You. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Usage Data

##### Usage Data
Usage Data is collected automatically when using the Service.

Usage Data may include information such as Your Device's Internet Protocol address (e.g. IP address), browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that You visit, the time and date of Your visit, the time spent on those pages, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

When You access the Service by or through a mobile device, We may collect certain information automatically, including, but not limited to, the type of mobile device You use, Your mobile device unique ID, the IP address of Your mobile device, Your mobile operating system, the type of mobile Internet browser You use, unique device identifiers and other diagnostic data.

We may also collect information that Your browser sends whenever You visit our Service or when You access the Service by or through a mobile device.

##### Tracking Technologies and Cookies
We use Cookies and similar tracking technologies to track the activity on Our Service and store certain information. Tracking technologies used are beacons, tags, and scripts to collect and track information and to improve and analyze Our Service. The technologies We use may include:

- Cookies or Browser Cookies. A cookie is a small file placed on Your Device. You can instruct Your browser to refuse all Cookies or to indicate when a Cookie is being sent. However, if You do not accept Cookies, You may not be able to use some parts of our Service. Unless you have adjusted Your browser setting so that it will refuse Cookies, our Service may use Cookies.
- Flash Cookies. Certain features of our Service may use local stored objects (or Flash Cookies) to collect and store information about Your preferences or Your activity on our Service. Flash Cookies are not managed by the same browser settings as those used for Browser Cookies. For more information on how You can delete Flash Cookies, please read "Where can I change the settings for disabling, or deleting local shared objects?" available at [https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html#main_Where_can_I_change_the_settings_for_disabling__or_deleting_local_shared_objects_](https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html#main_Where_can_I_change_the_settings_for_disabling__or_deleting_local_shared_objects_)
- Web Beacons. Certain sections of our Service and our emails may contain small electronic files known as web beacons (also referred to as clear gifs, pixel tags, and single-pixel gifs) that permit the Company, for example, to count users who have visited those pages or opened an email and for other related website statistics (for example, recording the popularity of a certain section and verifying system and server integrity).

Cookies can be "Persistent" or "Session" Cookies. Persistent Cookies remain on Your personal computer or mobile device when You go offline, while Session Cookies are deleted as soon as You close Your web browser. Learn more about cookies: What Are Cookies?.

We use both Session and Persistent Cookies for the purposes set out below:

- Necessary / Essential Cookies
Type: Session Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies are essential to provide You with services available through the Website and to enable You to use some of its features. They help to authenticate users and prevent fraudulent use of user accounts. Without these Cookies, the services that You have asked for cannot be provided, and We only use these Cookies to provide You with those services.

- Cookies Policy / Notice Acceptance Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies identify if users have accepted the use of cookies on the Website.

- Functionality Cookies
Type: Persistent Cookies
Administered by: Us
Purpose: These Cookies allow us to remember choices You make when You use the Website, such as remembering your login details or language preference. The purpose of these Cookies is to provide You with a more personal experience and to avoid You having to re-enter your preferences every time You use the Website.

For more information about the cookies we use and your choices regarding cookies, please visit our Cookies Policy or the Cookies section of our Privacy Policy.

#### Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- To provide and maintain our Service, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
To manage Your Account: to manage Your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data You provide can give You access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to You as a registered user.
- For the performance of a contract: the development, compliance and undertaking of the purchase contract for the products, items or services You have purchased or of any other contract with Us through the Service.
- To contact You: To contact You by email, telephone calls, SMS, or other equivalent forms of electronic communication, such as a mobile application's push notifications regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.
- To provide You with news, special offers and general information about other goods, services and events which we offer that are similar to those that you have already purchased or enquired about unless You have opted not to receive such information.
- To manage Your requests: To attend and manage Your requests to Us.
- For business transfers: We may use Your information to evaluate or conduct a merger, divestiture, restructuring, reorganization, dissolution, or other sale or transfer of some or all of Our assets, whether as a going concern or as part of bankruptcy, liquidation, or similar proceeding, in which Personal Data held by Us about our Service users is among the assets transferred.

For other purposes: We may use Your information for other purposes, such as data analysis, identifying usage trends, determining the effectiveness of our promotional campaigns and to evaluate and improve our Service, products, services, marketing and your experience.

We may share Your personal information in the following situations:

- With Service Providers: We may share Your personal information with Service Providers to monitor and analyze the use of our Service, to contact You.
- For business transfers: We may share or transfer Your personal information in connection with, or during negotiations of, any merger, sale of Company assets, financing, or acquisition of all or a portion of Our business to another company.
- With Affiliates: We may share Your information with Our affiliates, in which case we will require those affiliates to honor this Privacy Policy. Affiliates include Our parent company and any other subsidiaries, joint venture partners or other companies that We control or that are under common control with Us.
- With business partners: We may share Your information with Our business partners to offer You certain products, services or promotions.
- With other users: when You share personal information or otherwise interact in the public areas with other users, such information may be viewed by all users and may be publicly distributed outside. If You interact with other users or register through a Third-Party Social Media Service, Your contacts on the Third-Party Social Media Service may see Your name, profile, pictures and description of Your activity. Similarly, other users will be able to view descriptions of Your activity, communicate with You and view Your profile.
- With Your consent: We may disclose Your personal information for any other purpose with Your consent.

#### Retention of Your Personal Data

The Company will retain Your Personal Data only for as long as is necessary for the purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will retain and use Your Personal Data to the extent necessary to comply with our legal obligations (for example, if we are required to retain your data to comply with applicable laws), resolve disputes, and enforce our legal agreements and policies.

The Company will also retain Usage Data for internal analysis purposes. Usage Data is generally retained for a shorter period of time, except when this data is used to strengthen the security or to improve the functionality of Our Service, or We are legally obligated to retain this data for longer time periods.

#### Transfer of Your Personal Data

Your information, including Personal Data, is processed at the Company's operating offices and in any other places where the parties involved in the processing are located. It means that this information may be transferred to — and maintained on — computers located outside of Your state, province, country or other governmental jurisdiction where the data protection laws may differ than those from Your jurisdiction.

Your consent to this Privacy Policy followed by Your submission of such information represents Your agreement to that transfer.

The Company will take all steps reasonably necessary to ensure that Your data is treated securely and in accordance with this Privacy Policy and no transfer of Your Personal Data will take place to an organization or a country unless there are adequate controls in place including the security of Your data and other personal information.

#### Disclosure of Your Personal Data

##### Business Transactions
If the Company is involved in a merger, acquisition or asset sale, Your Personal Data may be transferred. We will provide notice before Your Personal Data is transferred and becomes subject to a different Privacy Policy.

##### Law enforcement
Under certain circumstances, the Company may be required to disclose Your Personal Data if required to do so by law or in response to valid requests by public authorities (e.g. a court or a government agency).

##### Other legal requirements

The Company may disclose Your Personal Data in the good faith belief that such action is necessary to:

- Comply with a legal obligation
- Protect and defend the rights or property of the Company
- Prevent or investigate possible wrongdoing in connection with the Service
- Protect the personal safety of Users of the Service or the public
- Protect against legal liability

#### Security of Your Personal Data

The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, We cannot guarantee its absolute security.

### Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from anyone under the age of 13. If You are a parent or guardian and You are aware that Your child has provided Us with Personal Data, please contact Us. If We become aware that We have collected Personal Data from anyone under the age of 13 without verification of parental consent, We take steps to remove that information from Our servers.

If We need to rely on consent as a legal basis for processing Your information and Your country requires consent from a parent, We may require Your parent's consent before We collect and use that information.

### Links to Other Websites

Our Service may contain links to other websites that are not operated by Us. If You click on a third party link, You will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise You to review the Privacy Policy of every site You visit.

We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

### Changes to this Privacy Policy

We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

We will let You know via email and/or a prominent notice on Our Service, prior to the change becoming effective and update the "Last updated" date at the top of this Privacy Policy.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

### Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, You can contact us:

By email: [legal@metrixmedia.fr](mailto://legal@metrixmedia.fr)

By visiting this page on our website: [metrixmedia.fr/privacy](https://metrixmedia.fr/privacy)

## Français
Dernière mise à jour : 31 mai 2022

Cette politique de confidentialité décrit nos politiques et procédures sur la collecte, l'utilisation et la divulgation de vos informations lorsque vous utilisez le service et vous informe sur vos droits en matière de confidentialité et sur la manière dont la loi vous protège.

Nous utilisons vos données personnelles pour fournir et améliorer le service. En utilisant le Service, Vous acceptez la collecte et l'utilisation d'informations conformément à la présente Politique de confidentialité.

### Interprétation et définitions

#### Interprétation
Les mots dont la lettre initiale est en majuscule ont des significations définies dans les conditions suivantes. Les définitions suivantes auront la même signification qu'elles apparaissent au singulier ou au pluriel.

#### Définitions
Aux fins de la présente politique de confidentialité :

- Compte désigne un compte unique créé pour vous permettre d'accéder à notre service ou à des parties de notre service.
- Affilié désigne une entité qui contrôle, est contrôlée par ou est sous contrôle commun avec une partie, où "contrôle" signifie la propriété de 50 % ou plus des actions, des participations ou d'autres titres habilités à voter pour l'élection des administrateurs ou d'autres dirigeants autorité.
- Application désigne le programme logiciel fourni par la Société que Vous téléchargez sur tout appareil électronique.
- Société (ci-après dénommée « la Société », « Nous », « Notre » ou « Notre » dans le présent Contrat) fait référence à MetrixMedia.
- Les cookies sont de petits fichiers qui sont placés sur votre ordinateur, appareil mobile ou tout autre appareil par un site Web, contenant les détails de votre historique de navigation sur ce site Web parmi ses nombreuses utilisations.
- Pays fait référence à : France
- Appareil désigne tout appareil pouvant accéder au Service tel qu'un ordinateur, un téléphone portable ou une tablette numérique.
- Les données personnelles sont toutes les informations relatives à une personne identifiée ou identifiable.
- Service désigne l'Application ou le Site Internet ou les deux.
- Prestataire désigne toute personne physique ou morale qui traite les données pour le compte de la Société. Il fait référence à des sociétés tierces ou à des personnes employées par la Société pour faciliter le Service, pour fournir le Service au nom de la Société, pour effectuer des services liés au Service ou pour aider la Société à analyser la manière dont le Service est utilisé.
- Service de médias sociaux tiers désigne tout site Web ou tout site Web de réseau social par lequel un utilisateur peut se connecter ou créer un compte pour utiliser le service.
- Les données d'utilisation font référence aux données collectées automatiquement, soit générées par l'utilisation du service, soit à partir de l'infrastructure du service elle-même (par exemple, la durée d'une visite de page).
- Le site Web fait référence à MetrixMedia (tous les domaines et ses sous-domaines), accessible depuis [https://metrixmedia.fr](https://metrixmedia.fr)

Vous désigne la personne accédant ou utilisant le Service, ou la société ou toute autre entité juridique au nom de laquelle cette personne accède ou utilise le Service, selon le cas.

### Collecte et utilisation de vos données personnelles

#### Types de données collectées

##### Données personnelles
Lors de l'utilisation de notre service, nous pouvons vous demander de nous fournir certaines informations personnellement identifiables qui peuvent être utilisées pour vous contacter ou vous identifier. Les informations personnellement identifiables peuvent inclure, mais sans s'y limiter :

- Données d'utilisation

##### Données d'utilisation
Les données d'utilisation sont collectées automatiquement lors de l'utilisation du service.

Les données d'utilisation peuvent inclure des informations telles que l'adresse de protocole Internet de votre appareil (par exemple, l'adresse IP), le type de navigateur, la version du navigateur, les pages de notre service que vous visitez, l'heure et la date de votre visite, le temps passé sur ces pages, l'appareil unique identifiants et autres données de diagnostic.

Lorsque vous accédez au service par ou via un appareil mobile, nous pouvons collecter certaines informations automatiquement, y compris, mais sans s'y limiter, le type d'appareil mobile que vous utilisez, l'identifiant unique de votre appareil mobile, l'adresse IP de votre appareil mobile, votre système d'exploitation, le type de navigateur Internet mobile que vous utilisez, les identifiants uniques de l'appareil et d'autres données de diagnostic.

Nous pouvons également collecter des informations que votre navigateur envoie chaque fois que vous visitez notre service ou lorsque vous accédez au service par ou via un appareil mobile.

##### Technologies de suivi et cookies
Nous utilisons des cookies et des technologies de suivi similaires pour suivre l'activité sur notre service et stocker certaines informations. Les technologies de suivi utilisées sont des balises, des balises et des scripts pour collecter et suivre les informations et pour améliorer et analyser notre service. Les technologies que nous utilisons peuvent inclure :

- Cookies ou Cookies de navigateur. Un cookie est un petit fichier placé sur Votre Appareil. Vous pouvez demander à Votre navigateur de refuser tous les Cookies ou de vous signaler l'envoi d'un Cookie. Cependant, si vous n'acceptez pas les cookies, vous ne pourrez peut-être pas utiliser certaines parties de notre service. À moins que vous n'ayez réglé les paramètres de votre navigateur pour qu'il refuse les cookies, notre service peut utiliser des cookies.
- Cookies Flash. Certaines fonctionnalités de notre Service peuvent utiliser des objets stockés locaux (ou Flash Cookies) pour collecter et stocker des informations sur Vos préférences ou Votre activité sur notre Service. Les cookies Flash ne sont pas gérés par les mêmes paramètres de navigateur que ceux utilisés pour les cookies du navigateur. Pour plus d'informations sur la façon dont vous pouvez supprimer les cookies Flash, veuillez lire "Où puis-je modifier les paramètres de désactivation ou de suppression des objets locaux partagés ?" disponible sur [https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html#main_Where_can_I_change_the_settings_for_disabling__or_deleting_local_shared_objects_](https://helpx.adobe.com/flash-player/kb/ disable-local-shared-objects-flash.html#main_Where_can_I_change_the_settings_for_disabling__or_deleting_local_shared_objects_)
- Balises Web. Certaines sections de notre Service et nos e-mails peuvent contenir de petits fichiers électroniques connus sous le nom de balises Web (également appelés gifs clairs, balises pixel et gifs à pixel unique) qui permettent à la Société, par exemple, de compter les utilisateurs qui ont visité ces pages. ou ouvert un e-mail et pour d'autres statistiques de site Web connexes (par exemple, enregistrer la popularité d'une certaine section et vérifier l'intégrité du système et du serveur).

Les cookies peuvent être des cookies « persistants » ou « de session ». Les cookies persistants restent sur votre ordinateur personnel ou votre appareil mobile lorsque vous vous déconnectez, tandis que les cookies de session sont supprimés dès que vous fermez votre navigateur Web. En savoir plus sur les cookies : Que sont les cookies ?.

Nous utilisons à la fois des cookies de session et des cookies persistants aux fins décrites ci-dessous :

- Cookies nécessaires / essentiels
Type : Cookies de session
Administré par : Nous
Objectif : Ces cookies sont essentiels pour vous fournir les services disponibles via le site Web et pour vous permettre d'utiliser certaines de ses fonctionnalités. Ils aident à authentifier les utilisateurs et à empêcher l'utilisation frauduleuse des comptes d'utilisateurs. Sans ces cookies, les services que vous avez demandés ne peuvent pas être fournis, et nous n'utilisons ces cookies que pour vous fournir ces services.

- Politique de Cookies / Avis d'Acceptation des Cookies
Type : Cookies persistants
Administré par : Nous
Finalité : ces cookies identifient si les utilisateurs ont accepté l'utilisation de cookies sur le site Web.

- Cookies de fonctionnalité
Type : Cookies persistants
Administré par : Nous
Finalité : ces cookies nous permettent de mémoriser les choix que vous faites lorsque vous utilisez le site Web, tels que la mémorisation de vos informations de connexion ou de votre préférence de langue. Le but de ces Cookies est de Vous offrir une expérience plus personnelle et de Vous éviter d'avoir à ressaisir vos préférences à chaque fois que Vous utilisez le Site.

Pour plus d'informations sur les cookies que nous utilisons et vos choix concernant les cookies, veuillez consulter notre Politique de cookies ou la section Cookies de notre Politique de confidentialité.

#### Utilisation de vos données personnelles
La Société peut utiliser les Données Personnelles aux fins suivantes :

- Pour fournir et maintenir notre Service, y compris pour surveiller l'utilisation de notre Service.
Pour gérer Votre Compte : pour gérer Votre inscription en tant qu'utilisateur du Service. Les données personnelles que vous fournissez peuvent vous donner accès à différentes fonctionnalités du service qui sont à votre disposition en tant qu'utilisateur enregistré.
- Pour l'exécution d'un contrat : l'élaboration, la conformité et la réalisation du contrat d'achat des produits, articles ou services que Vous avez achetés ou de tout autre contrat avec Nous par le biais du Service.
- Pour vous contacter : pour vous contacter par e-mail, appels téléphoniques, SMS ou autres formes équivalentes de communication électronique, telles que les notifications push d'une application mobile concernant les mises à jour ou les communications informatives relatives aux fonctionnalités, produits ou services sous contrat, y compris les mises à jour de sécurité , lorsque cela est nécessaire ou raisonnable pour leur mise en œuvre.
- Pour vous fournir des actualités, des offres spéciales et des informations générales sur d'autres biens, services et événements que nous proposons qui sont similaires à ceux que vous avez déjà achetés ou demandés, sauf si vous avez choisi de ne pas recevoir ces informations.
- Pour gérer Vos demandes : Pour assister et gérer Vos demandes à Nous.
- Pour les transferts d'entreprise : nous pouvons utiliser vos informations pour évaluer ou mener une fusion, une cession, une restructuration, une réorganisation, une dissolution ou toute autre vente ou transfert de tout ou partie de nos actifs, que ce soit dans le cadre d'une entreprise en activité ou dans le cadre d'une faillite, d'une liquidation , ou procédure similaire, dans laquelle les données personnelles que nous détenons sur les utilisateurs de nos services font partie des actifs transférés.

À d'autres fins : nous pouvons utiliser vos informations à d'autres fins, telles que l'analyse de données, l'identification des tendances d'utilisation, la détermination de l'efficacité de nos campagnes promotionnelles et pour évaluer et améliorer notre service, nos produits, nos services, notre marketing et votre expérience.

Nous pouvons partager vos informations personnelles dans les situations suivantes :

- Avec des Prestataires de services : Nous pouvons partager Vos informations personnelles avec des Prestataires de services pour surveiller et analyser l'utilisation de notre Service, pour Vous contacter.
- Pour les transferts d'entreprise : nous pouvons partager ou transférer vos informations personnelles dans le cadre de ou pendant les négociations de toute fusion, vente d'actifs de la société, financement ou acquisition de tout ou partie de nos activités à une autre société.
- Avec des affiliés : nous pouvons partager vos informations avec nos affiliés, auquel cas nous demanderons à ces affiliés pour honorer cette politique de confidentialité. Les sociétés affiliées incluent notre société mère et toutes autres filiales, partenaires de coentreprise ou autres sociétés que nous contrôlons ou qui sont sous contrôle commun avec nous.
- Avec des partenaires commerciaux : nous pouvons partager vos informations avec nos partenaires commerciaux pour vous proposer certains produits, services ou promotions.
- Avec d'autres utilisateurs : lorsque vous partagez des informations personnelles ou interagissez autrement dans les espaces publics avec d'autres utilisateurs, ces informations peuvent être vues par tous les utilisateurs et peuvent être diffusées publiquement à l'extérieur. Si vous interagissez avec d'autres utilisateurs ou que vous vous inscrivez via un service de médias sociaux tiers, vos contacts sur le service de médias sociaux tiers peuvent voir votre nom, votre profil, vos photos et la description de votre activité. De même, les autres utilisateurs pourront voir les descriptions de Votre activité, communiquer avec Vous et consulter Votre profil.
- Avec votre consentement : nous pouvons divulguer vos informations personnelles à toute autre fin avec votre consentement.

#### Conservation de vos données personnelles

La Société ne conservera vos données personnelles que le temps nécessaire aux fins énoncées dans la présente politique de confidentialité. Nous conserverons et utiliserons vos données personnelles dans la mesure nécessaire pour nous conformer à nos obligations légales (par exemple, si nous sommes tenus de conserver vos données pour nous conformer aux lois applicables), résoudre les litiges et appliquer nos accords et politiques juridiques.

La Société conservera également les données d'utilisation à des fins d'analyse interne. Les données d'utilisation sont généralement conservées pendant une période plus courte, sauf lorsque ces données sont utilisées pour renforcer la sécurité ou pour améliorer la fonctionnalité de notre service, ou lorsque nous sommes légalement tenus de conserver ces données pendant des périodes plus longues.

#### Transfert de vos données personnelles

Vos informations, y compris les données personnelles, sont traitées dans les bureaux d'exploitation de la société et dans tout autre lieu où se trouvent les parties impliquées dans le traitement. Cela signifie que ces informations peuvent être transférées et conservées sur des ordinateurs situés en dehors de votre état, province, pays ou autre juridiction gouvernementale où les lois sur la protection des données peuvent différer de celles de votre juridiction.

Votre consentement à cette politique de confidentialité suivi de votre soumission de ces informations représente votre accord à ce transfert.

La société prendra toutes les mesures raisonnablement nécessaires pour garantir que vos données sont traitées en toute sécurité et conformément à la présente politique de confidentialité et aucun transfert de vos données personnelles n'aura lieu vers une organisation ou un pays à moins que des contrôles adéquats ne soient en place, y compris la sécurité de Vos données et autres informations personnelles.

#### Divulgation de vos données personnelles

##### Transactions commerciales
Si la Société est impliquée dans une fusion, une acquisition ou une vente d'actifs, Vos Données Personnelles peuvent être transférées. Nous vous aviserons avant que vos données personnelles ne soient transférées et soumises à une politique de confidentialité différente.

##### Forces de l'ordre
Dans certaines circonstances, la Société peut être tenue de divulguer vos données personnelles si la loi l'exige ou en réponse à des demandes valables d'autorités publiques (par exemple, un tribunal ou une agence gouvernementale).

##### Autres exigences légales

La Société peut divulguer vos données personnelles en croyant de bonne foi qu'une telle action est nécessaire pour :

- Respecter une obligation légale
- Protéger et défendre les droits ou les biens de la Société
- Prévenir ou enquêter sur d'éventuels actes répréhensibles en rapport avec le Service
- Protéger la sécurité personnelle des Utilisateurs du Service ou du public
- Protéger contre la responsabilité légale

#### Sécurité de vos données personnelles

La sécurité de vos données personnelles est importante pour nous, mais rappelez-vous qu'aucune méthode de transmission sur Internet ou méthode de stockage électronique n'est sécurisée à 100 %. Bien que nous nous efforcions d'utiliser des moyens commercialement acceptables pour protéger vos données personnelles, nous ne pouvons garantir leur sécurité absolue.

### Confidentialité des enfants

Notre service ne s'adresse pas aux personnes de moins de 13 ans. Nous ne collectons pas sciemment d'informations personnellement identifiables auprès de personnes de moins de 13 ans. Si vous êtes un parent ou un tuteur et que vous savez que votre enfant nous a fourni des données personnelles, veuillez Nous contacter. Si nous apprenons que nous avons collecté des données personnelles auprès d'une personne de moins de 13 ans sans vérification du consentement parental, nous prenons des mesures pour supprimer ces informations de nos serveurs.

Si nous devons compter sur le consentement comme base légale pour le traitement de vos informations et que votre pays exige le consentement d'un parent, nous pouvons exiger le consentement de votre parent avant de collecter et d'utiliser ces informations.

### Liens vers d'autres sites Web

Notre service peut contenir des liens vers d'autres sites Web qui ne sont pas exploités par nous. Si vous cliquez sur un lien tiers, vous serez dirigé vers le site de ce tiers. Nous vous conseillons vivement de consulter la politique de confidentialité de chaque site que vous visitez.

Nous n'avons aucun contrôle et n'assumons aucune responsabilité quant au contenu, aux politiques de confidentialité ou aux pratiques des sites ou services tiers.

### Changements à cette politique de confidentialité

Nous pouvons mettre à jour notre politique de confidentialité de temps à autre. Nous vous informerons de tout changement en publiant la nouvelle politique de confidentialité sur cette page.

Nous vous informerons par e-mail et/ou par un avis visible sur notre service, avant que le changement ne devienne effectif et mettrons à jour la date de « dernière mise à jour » en haut de cette politique de confidentialité.

Il vous est conseillé de consulter périodiquement cette politique de confidentialité pour tout changement. Les modifications apportées à cette politique de confidentialité entrent en vigueur lorsqu'elles sont publiées sur cette page.

### Nous contacter

Si vous avez des questions concernant cette politique de confidentialité, vous pouvez nous contacter :

Par email : [legal@metrixmedia.fr](mailto://legal@metrixmedia.fr)

En visitant cette page sur notre site internet : [metrixmedia.fr/privacy](https://metrixmedia.fr/privacy)